Throughout the course of this project, there were many lessons learned. The biggest obstacle in the beginning was understanding the project topic, as it had been suggested to us by Dr. Ford. As a result, our understanding of not only the science but also the approach taking place in an example code using the Hermite polynomials needed to drastically improve. In that way, we both grew as programmers trying to understand another person's code, and we tried to utilize those same skills during the peer review as well. In addition to this, we had to be able to quickly adapt and expand from the initial idea to incorporate more that we wanted to do while still maitaining the original science goal. 

The next biggest obstacle and lesson for us was learning julia as a language. Neither of us had any experience with julia before taking this course, and as a result the slight differences in syntax and the addition of features that made it so different from a language like Python made it difficult to understand in the beginning. This was compounded by our difficulty understanding the science and overall the conceptual coding approaches for the science. 

Both of us improved in our documentation skills, mainly as a result of working together on the code. It was quickly evident that if neither of us had documented well, the other would have a harder time understanding what a certain line or function was doing. As a result, both of us learned how to document in a way that made sense not only to ourselves, but also to others as well. 

A very large lesson learned was parallelization, both in terms of the multi-core and the distributed memory versions. Neither of us had any experience with parallelization before, so the biggest hurdle at first was wrapping our heads around the concepts that had to be implemented, and what the best method would be. Then the next big hurdle was successfully editing the serial version to implement these concepts. As a result, we learned that certain parallelizations, such as Threads.@threads, were easier to add into the program than others, such as the distributed memory.

Another aspect that was learned along the way, mostly through the labs and that was slightly implemented in our project, was the importance of memory allocation and how it can affect the run time and performance of the program. We did not see much of this, as we worked with a set number of lines for our basic understanding, but if we were to move forward with this project to encompass any type of solar absorption file, then we would go with the understanding that memory allocation would be necessary to improve the performance of the program. 


